Homestead Reclamation Office
V0.0
	Clear Unused Stuff
		Inventory (COMPLETE)
		Phone (COMPLETE)
		Logbook (COMPLETE)
		Skills (COMPLETE)
		Scene list (COMPLETE)
	Menu Details
		Artifact Images (COMPLETE)
		updateMenu (COMPLETE)
	Logbook
		Display character image (COMPLETE)
		Change character image (COMPLETE)
		Rename everyone (COMPLETE)
		Generate nav (COMPLETE)
		switch desc (COMPLETE)
	Gallery
		Artifact list (COMPLETE)
		Girls list (COMPLETE)
		Generate scenes (COMPLETE)
	Update Menu Stuff
		Logbook (COMPLETE)
		Name (COMPLETE)
	Characters
		Models Selected (COMPLETE)
		Character images (COMPLETE)
		Character images cropped (COMPLETE)
		Profile images (COMPLETE)
		Gifs collected (COMPLETE)
		Resources folder on phone scoured (COMPLETE)
		research notes writeSpeech (COMPLETE)
		player images
		Webms converted
	Framework
		Start Screen (COMPLETE)
		Prologue (COMPLETE)
		Location images - home, work, bedroom, beach, store, gym, town
		Home Framework (COMPLETE)
		Work Framework (COMPLETE)
		Player room (COMPLETE)
		Time/Day System (COMPLETE)
		Passing Time (COMPLETE)
		Skipping Work (COMPLETE)
		Leaving early (COMPLETE)
		Getting late, head home (COMPLETE)
		New Day (COMPLETE)
		Day 0 (COMPLETE)
		Day 1 - Acquiring the bracelet
		write switch case shortcut for notepad++
	Artifacts
		writeArtifact (COMPLETE)
		Track Research Status (COMPLETE)
		Artifacts equipabble (COMPLETE)
		Taking Artifacts Home (COMPLETE)
		Switching Held Artifacts (COMPLETE)
		First Research (COMPLETE)
		Artifact descriptions (COMPLETE)
		Secondary descriptions after first research (COMPLETE)
		checkForEvents (COMPLETE)
	Demo
		Getting the bracelet (COMPLETE)
		Research events (COMPLETE)
		Equipping (COMPLETE)
		Outdoor events (COMPLETE)
		Dream events (COMPLETE)
		Demo finish (COMPLETE)
		Character Descriptions (COMPLETE)
		Show all characters in rename list (COMPLETE)
		Scene images (COMPLETE)
		Home events (COMPLETE)
		Location images (COMPLETE)
		Name entry function (COMPLETE)
		UpdateName to show last name (COMPLETE)
		Replace NAMES with actual names (COMPLETE)
	v0.5 - Reprehensive Bangle
		Prologue skip
		Scene Outlines
		Content List
		Images assigned
		Description
		First Research
		Home Usage - Roommate, School
		Dream
	v1 - Erotibox
		Scene Outlines
		Content List
		Images assigned
		Description
		First Research
		All other research
	Cheating
		Cheat room
		Cheat function
		Player Images
		Change player image
	V1
		Artifact Selection - 2 of Destiny-Link Rings, Time-Stopwatch, Midas Coin, Erotification Box, Appreciation Bracelet
		
Time cycle:
Morning:
	Home - sleep in, go to work
	Work - do research, go home early
Noon:
	Home - artifact scenes, take a nap, go to sleep
	Work - do research, go home early
Evening:
	Home - artifact scenes, take a nap, go to sleep
	Work - Go home
Night:
	Home - go to sleep

Reprehensive Bangle (Allows you to be unnoticed / erase memories, first artifact you obtain)
	
Lovey Earings (Allows you to hear the subject's thoughts)

Prologue
	Hello there! Whoever you are and wherever you came from, welcome to the Homestead Artifact Office!
	You're probably feeling a little bit like you've just come into existence, right? Not to worry, you'vel ikely been alive for several years.
	You're coming down off an amnestic high. Get too close to a dangerous artifact, huh? We've all been there. You, like many others in your office, have just been mind-wiped.
	Now, we've all heard the stories about the downsides. Stories about erectil-
	The screen goes dark, and the introduction video stops playing.
	Hello?
	A feminine voice comes alive over the speaker.
	Can you understand me?
	After a second of confusion you nod your head and try to say something, but your throat is so dry it just comes out as a cough.
	This speaker is one-way, so I can't hear you. But the fact that you didn't try to rape the window is a good sign. Try filling out the form in front of you.
	You hear a *click* as metal bindings release your arms, and a small metal table lifts from the ground with a pencil and paper on it.
	Use the pencil to fill out the form, and please do not attempt to pleasure yourself with either object.

Fill out the form
	Image
	First Name
	Last Name
	Age
	Favorite color

Finish
	You place the filled out form back onto the table. Everything's... Hazy, to say the least.
	There's a moment of silence before a large metal door behind you opens. A vaguely familiar face greets you.
	[image]
	Mr. LAST! Glad you're back. After the fifth attempt management said we should give up on you.
	She tosses you a coat and a change of clothes. Looking over yourself, you're wearing what almost resembles a hospital gown.
	It's all coming back to you, you grabbed some earings, and...
	
and...
	[image]
	[image]
	[image]
	...Mr. LAST?
	
... Mr. LAST?
	Are you feeling alright? The amnestics should have blocked most of it out.
	Yeah... Yeah I'm alright.
	You are FIRST LAST, researcher at the Homestead Reclamation Office, responsible for the research and potential applications of artifacts found around the world.
	It'll all come back slowly, try not to push yourself. Charlie says you're fine to head home for the day, so get some rest alright?
	She steps aside after handing you a glass of water.
	First door on the left, the drivers will take you home. Try not to recall the events of the research, alright?
	See you tomorrow.
	
See you tomorrow
	Everything's almost happening by itself. You're ushered into a black car with darkened windows, and in a flash the car's door opens again and you're allowed to leave.
	You walk up to what is probably your doorstep and fish out a key on autopilot.
	The place is warm and lived in, and a voice calls out to you from another room.
	Welcome home. I picked up some-
	[image]
	Holy crap, you alright?
	Yeah got splashed with some chemicals, I'll be alright, just need some rest.
	Alright. I picked up some Chinese if you're hungry.
	Thanks (to home)
	
home
	You're still feeling groggy from the amnestics, you should probably try to sleep it off. 
	Talk with ROOMIE
	Call your office
	Go to bed early
	
Roomie
	Oh hey, feeling better?
	Yeah I'll be fine. Anything new with you?
	Hell yeah, I got a date! I'm going out with the home ecc teacher, that blonde girl you met at Tiffany's?
	Right, right, of course I remember. You both work at uh...
	St. Prince's University.
	Yeah, that place. Good for you, she's a catch.
	Thanks. You really should get some rest by the way, you still look like you've gone a week without sleep.
	Go back

Call your office
	Identification?
	FIRST LAST, Aleph.
	Confirmed. Line secured, recipient?
	LAST's office.
	Confirmed, hold.
	...
	LAST's office.
	Hey ASSISTANT, just letting you know I'm home safe.
	Oh good! I'm just cleaning up and prepping, we've got a new artifact tomorrow.
	We're not working on the earings?
	Nope! Charlie says you've fried your brain too many times, so we're shelving the lovey-doves. We've got some kind of invisibility bracelet up next.
	Invisibility?
	Well, not really. It says it makes you unpercievable, we had to bake the room to get it off the last subject.
	Alright, thanks for the heads up. See you tomorrow.
	Bye!
	
Characters
	Assistant - Veronica Rodriguez
	Roommate - Sophia Leone
	Roommate's Girlfriend - Asa Akira
	Boss - Peta Jensen
	Lovely Madame - Sunny Leone
	Librarian - Mia Malkova
	Gym Owner - Karlee Grey
	Beach Lifeguard - Anissa Kate
	Organization Chair - Priya Rai
	
Potential girls:
	Sunny Leone
	Ava Adams
	Alexis Texas
	Kendra Lust
	Lisa Ann
	Dakota Skye
	Elsa Jean
	Peta Jensen
	Rhiannon Rider
	Riley Reid
	Karlee Grey
	Gina Valentina

Time-Stopwatch
	A bronze stopwatch which appears at first glance to be broken, as the second hand jumps backwards every second. When the button at the top is pressed, the clock begins to record the time as normal but time stops for everyone except person holding the watch, and anyone the watch-holder is making eye contact with as the button is pressed. Current research shows that this is a near-universal effect, and that the watch-holder continues to age as normal. When the button is pressed again, time resumes and anyone whom the watch0holder interacted with will suddenly feel every action inflicted upon them all at once.
	Public Stripping
	In-Class Timestop
	Year-long marathon
	Bestowal of Power 1 - The girl is introduced
	Bestowal of Power 2 - The girl tests it out
	Bestowal of Power 3 - The girl embarrasses a wife
	Bestowal of power 4 - The girl is humiliated
Appreciation Bracelet
	An indestructible bracelet made from partially tarnished silver. Despite being made for a woman's arm, it can resize itself to fit on anyone's arm and does not cause a skin reaction even to those allergic to silver. While being worn the wearer will often feel as though they are being watched, hearing voices in their ears and feeling someone touch their skin. Some particularly sensitive subjects say that the presence calls itself "Lovely Madame", and that it enjoys exploring the bodies of whoever wears the bracelet. Inside the bracelet is an inscription reading "For Those Who Feel Unappreciated".
	Lovely Madame Interview
	Lovely Madame Training
	Gift to the Roommate
	Stroll on the modern street
Midas Coin
	A single gold coin with an inscription written in ancient Greek. When held, sexual activities performed by the holder will be 'normalized', and not perceived to be socially outrageous no matter how depraved the action. In addition, sexual acts will be seen to have 'value', meaning that the holder can exchange sexual acts as though they had a cash value.
	Convenience Store Purchase
	Doing chores for a blowjob
	Alleyway Mugging
Erotification Box (Can't be taken home)
	A large kennel-like cage covered by an unknown canvas substance. When an object is inserted and the door is locked a bright purple glow fills the box. Once the light recedes the door can be opened to reveal that the object inside has changed, usually to a similar object that is erotic in nature.
	Test Subject's Interview Video - Test Subject Porno
	Clockwork Pocket Watch - Watch that shows how far the holder is from their next orgasm
	Mona Lisa Replication - Erotic Version of the Mona Lisa
	Chessboard - Erotic chessboard, losing gives you an orgasm
	$20 - Porn Site Gift Card, Erotic-Picture Money, 'Stripper Money'
	Water Bottle - Bottle of Aphrodisiac-Infused Water
	Buttplug - Candy Buttplug
	Test Subject - Temporarily Sex-ified subject
Destiny-Link Ring
	A set of rings, one made from obsidian with a diamond inset, and one made from ivory with an opal inset. When worn any action taken against one ring-wearer will affect the other ring-wearer as well.
	Girlfriend-Girlfriend fun
	Linking while one is asleep
	You masturbate while roommate is teaching
Super Truth Serum
	A self-refilling vial of green liquid, tastes like mint. When drunk, everything you say becomes the 'truth'. Not in the reality warping way, but in that everyone around you will believe whatever you say.
Alternate Reality Mirror
	An antique mirror dating back to the victorian era. If a person stares into the yes of their own reflection long enough, they will 'switch places' with an alternate reality version of themselves. In these alternate realities social norms, the flow of history, and the physical body of the person switched can all be completely different.
Parasite Eggs
	A set of small flexible egg-shaped balls with a number of spongy nubs on them. Female test subjects have shown an almost hypnotic desire to consume them. Current research shows that consumption can alter the fundamental properties of a woman's reproductive system as well as altering their personality.
	Super want to be impregnated, pokes a hole in a condom and then cums as they feel it inside them.
Kid Gloves Charm 
	Harm you deal to others delivers sexual pleasure rather than pain. In addition, damage dealt to others is merely superficial at worst, and will heal within a single night's sleep.)
	
Other artifacts outside the fetish limit zone:
	Watersports artifact
	Anal-obsession artifact
	Rimming artifact - Free rimjobs sign
	Semen Drinking artifact
	Effeminizing artifact
	Shotafictation artifact - You're percieved as being very young, and women around you want to assault/take advantage of you. They spy on you while changing, for example. Nakani is also good.
	Toy artifact - Makes the woman immobile, makes others think she's a sex toy.
	Sexual conquest artifact - You get those instant-loss scenes. It's revealed afterwards that the power was inside you all along.