Salutations everyone, my name is Jeffrey Riley-Loy.

Data. Data is everywhere, and we're all generating it all the time. It's everywhere we go, everything we do, even the air we breath can be recorded and information about it stored as data. But what is it really, and more importantly, how can we make it useful? 

Data is, as defined by the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development’s Glossary of Statistical Terms, "the physical representation of information in a manner suitable for communication, interpretation, or processing by human beings or by automatic means." It's the unorganized recordings of everything. The temperature of the FHSU campus at 2pm yesterday, the number of apricots a child has eaten in their lives, how many people break the speed limit when driving on 3rd street. These are points of data, but data isn't necessarily useful. 

Take for example a large block of wood. You could use it for a lot of things, maybe you could build a table with it, but first you need to transform that block of wood into something useful for the context you want to use it in. You won't be getting out a tablesaw for raw data, probably, but just like wood it might need to be transformed or added to, to become the more relevant information.

Information refers to knowledge of data that within context has a particular meaning, it's the next step of data, and this helps us get an idea of how data can be useful to us. Value is not necessarily intrinsic to data, rather you can think of data as an answer, and exactly how you create the more valuable information is that you need to create a question that goes with that answer.

So in order for the number of students achieving a graduate degree in 2020 to be relevant, in order for it to make a complete line of thought, you need to ask a question the data answers. So lets ask a question, a really hard-hitting one. "Do birds exist?"

A single data point of data of any bird is relevant, it answers our question. An article on the plumage of a bald eagle, a photograph of a partridge in a pear tree. Question answered, we now have a statement. Birds do exist, here's the evidence. But if not a single person in recorded history has ever confirmed the existence of a bird, that's also very relevant. Interestingly, that means that the absence of data can also answer a question. In the end we're left with a statement, a complete thought, a question and answer giving each other context. We've turned data into information just by adding context.  But sometimes you'll need to transform your data. And there are plenty of ways to do that. 

Filtration is where you take out elements from data to make it manageable. Now you shouldn't be taking out data points that don't fit with your narrative, that's cherry picking. A good rule of thumb is like with water filtration. You aren't separating parts of the water from each other, your taking out the entirety of a non-relevant material, like dirt. We just want a subset of our data, everything relevant to whatever our question is.

Sometimes you just need to re-order and categorize your data to make similarities and differences more clear. You don't actually end up with more or less data if you're averaging the temperatures from a decade's worth of individual day recordings, but you do end up with a much clearer picture of the way things are heading.

And then there's integration. When you're asking a really big question sometimes you need just short of all the data in the world and it isn't in one convenient spot. It's everywhere. Integration is combining like data into organized wholes. You could combine the graduation rates of Fort Hays State, Oregon State, Ohio State, everywhere from Alabama to Wyoming to answer questions about state university graduation rates, the genders or the ages of the people gradutating. You can answer bigger questions with bigger data.

And then there's the biggest data. The creatively named big data, referring to large data sets usually associated with the internet, but not always. John R. Mashey is believed to have coined the term in the 1990s during his talk titled "Big Data and the Next Wave of Infrastress". Big data has volume, variety, velocity, veracity, it's exhaustive, relational and has an incredible value to modern business. But it's really big. Typically with a big data set one person couldn't keep up with what's generated in real time, let alone also go through everything in the backlog. Internet searches, meteorology reports, data sets dealing with colossally complicated matters require special tools, sometimes special technicians, but the data collected is nonetheless essential to the biggest questions.

You collect it. You filter it, categorize it, integrate it. From there we'll go on to accumulate information, turning that information into knowledge, experience, action, value, but it all starts with data. 

Thank you very much.