Cardinal Hierarchy
Introduced with one note on a teleportation artifact, collecting that note unlocks the sidequest to get the origin of the cardinal hierarchy notes, the introduction, in addition to all the other documents of the hierarchy. Afterwards a Joy arrives, asking you for the documents so that they can be saved as a memory of the scholar who wrote them. 

--- Introduction
I write these notes not to judge what I've come to know as a separate species, but to create a compendium of wonderful beings that walk the earth today. 
These folks, who I've come to dub as members of the Cardinal Hierarchy, are some kind of race of beings that look identical to humans. They eat, breath, and bleed as we do, but seem compelled as if by a supernatural force to add good to the world. 
Each member has a title that loosely defines how they look and act, and what good deed they live to perform. My theories are that they were some kind of slave race that melded with early humans, or that they are divine in nature. 
They numbers are very slim, their population doesn't seem to have grown to match human population rises in the last few centuries. The ones wandering the streets today tend to seem frayed, sometimes even overworked. 
I regret to say I haven't met anywhere near every type of these beings. Still, if I held off on composing this list until then I'd be in the ground of old age before the first word could be written. 
Difficult as it is to identify someone as a member of the Hierarchy, hopefully the records in this compendium will cause you to recognize someone you know. Treat them with respect and love if you can, and patient kindness otherwise. 

--- Decoration
Typically younger and more sprightly folk, these types focus entirely on hand-producing decorative goods to hoping to fill people's homes. Older members find great joy in passing down their skills, especially to enthusiastic humans. These folk have adapted well to the modern era, and very much enjoy creating online tutorials for others. 

--- Accolade
Taller folk who notably all wear at least one piece of ivory jewelry. These types enjoy encouraging humans offering detailed praise and criticism even to strangers. They experience great distress if they believe their actions caused a human to give up at self-improvement.
They're split on modern technology. Many enjoy the freedom humans have to express themselves, others hate the limitations of how they can express their praise and discourse. 

--- Beloved
Very large folk, men tending towards being more rugged and women leaning towards a generally very fit or muscular look. Despite their size they tend to be extremely gentle and very simple. They struggle the most with the modern digital age and tend to keep to themselves out of a fear of ostracization.
Perhaps what strikes me the most about the Hierarchy is how members tend never to be selfish, offering everything they can but still being satisfied with very little so long as they think the world has been made a better place. 

--- Fearless
These folk tend to prefer wearing formal clothes regardless of the weather. Most commonly men and women are wearing dark suits. 
These folks are attracted to the old, the terminally ill, and the suicidal. They're the most capricious of the hierarchy, considering it a game to convince hopeless people their lives have some inherent meaning. It's unknown what the rules are or how exactly the game is played, but they feel great pride and satisfaction even from having achieved just one victory. 

--- Grace
Effortlessly charming and social, these folk curiously tend to find introverted types to bond with. Because they tend to attract people they'll do their best to pull their introverted partners into a social light, becoming a pathway for introverts to form a wider net of social connections. 
Curiously these types reject and decry technologies like social media. Perhaps they're just old fashioned? 

--- Joy
There is no singular characteristic for them, although they are always incredibly beautiful. These folk have an unending to seek out people struggling from crisis or depression. They'll cross paths with these people and leave them marked to stand out better to other members of the hierarchy.
Despite not being very social they still try and do good in their own way, performing small acts of kindness towards others whenever possible.

--- Jubilance
Energetic folk who tend to wear simpler, sometimes even tattered clothes. They enjoy making and collecting food for the purposes of donation, considering it their life's mission to offer even the smallest snack to the hungry. In the modern era you can almost always find them eagerly giving to food pantries.
It isn't just limited to food though. They have limited self-preservation instincts and will offer their clothes to the cold even in the winter, or offering company to the lonely.

--- Kinship
These folk always wear glasses without exception, and their eyes often have some sort of visible injury or scarring on the eye itself.
Seekers of knowledge, these folk have little interest in seeking out particular humans like other members of the Hierarchy. Instead they frequent libraries and collect data as best they can.
Despite being academics to the core, all it takes to befriend one is an open mind. They deeply enjoy talking through what they've learned recently as it gives them a better understanding of the topic by explaining it.
They have a deep respect for modern technology like the internet. I was lucky enough to introduce one to Wikipedia and they were delighted beyond words once they realized the full scope of the resource. To this day I receive 'fun facts' about whatever articles they've combed through since our last conversation.

--- Gracious
I haven't met any myself, these are merely notes from other beings within the Hierarchy.
These folk aren't even always human, sometimes appearing as large dogs. They pursue selfish humans and exact karmic punishment, often in public places to embarrass their targets. Apparently the only escape from their torment is an honest change of heart. 
They're extremely kind and patient towards the abused or mistreated, but hide an inner fury whenever they hear about injustice or mistreatment. 