Monarch AI
A fully sentient artifical intelligence. To keep it occupied, it is forced to simulate discussion threads in an online forum called a 'for-tune board'. It seems to have a predilection towards choose your own adventure stories, and allows for user participation. 

--- Discord rules post
Hello everyone! I'm trying out something new which will hopefully make it into anomaly vault as something to really flesh out the prison department. If you read the description above it'll give you an idea of what I need to do. Basically, I'm going to try my hand at writing shorter CYOAs and I'll be adding them to a fake forum inside anomaly vault. 
Only patrons and admins can post in here. The flow is that I'll write a snippet of adventure and patrons can post responses. Everyone will vote using reactions and the response with the most reactions will win, then the adventure will continue. Expect that I'll rewind back to a previous choices a lot after endings since I do need to flesh out multiple routes for each CYOA. I might take a break from some adventures and come back to them later. 
I'll need several adventures for the artifact, and many of these will be based on my games. I'll post a general content list at the start of each adventure so that you know what to expect, but expect a rainy dayZ adventure to have shemales for example. 
I want to simulate an actual forum environment in the anonaly vault artifact, so anything you post in here could make it into the game, complete with your user name. I want to encourage active discussion here as much as possible so that I have plenty of material to put into the game. 
To make things easier on voters, when making a choice on what to do next, your first line should be the descision you'd like to make, and it should be contained in brackets [like this]. I'll have crypto in the next post to give an example. Let's say I make a post like
`You're in the deep, dark woods. It's very cold, and you're totally alone. All you have are the clothes you're wearing and a lighter. `
[Collect folliage to burn and make a fire]
Hopefully we can find some sort of shelter. 
Thank you crypto. This is the general gist of how things will work. Feel free to make posts as you please so long as you follow the usual rules. No being mean, no underage stuff, and despite it being present in rainy dayz, there will be no bestiality in any of the adventures. Sorry! 
This'll be all text based, but when I actually put it into the game I'll add images where I can find them. If you find or have images I can use for a scene, I'd very much appreciate them. Some stories might end up very image light depending on how hard it is to find pictures of the subject matter. 
With that, those are the rules. Feel free to discuss the cyoas in general over in the general channel. Depending on how much work these are, I might make them a pretty regular thing. If they end up being super taxing they're be lower priority than working on my games. 

--- Threads:
HAA dom & sub route cyoas
Rainy dayz cyoa
Anomaly hunter cyoa
Bitch Medicenter cyoa


--- University CYOA

Note:
The AI is already connected to the network, and it's reached the point where it full-on loves humanity because it spends so much time pretending to be human. 


Monarch HAA dom cyoa
Setup
This adventure is based on the dom route of Human Alteration App. It'll contain all the same characters; Lisa, Kendra, Jean, etc. I'd recommend playing that game before voting. The adventure will generally have themes of you dominating others, sexual humiliation and degradation, and body modification. Generally though it should be pretty straightforwards unless you guys go crazy. 

A
'Congratulations!'
That was how the mysterious spam email opened. You aren't quite sure why you opened it, but you don't regret it. After a lengthy terms of service agreement you've now got the Human Alteration App on your phone! This piece of supernatural code can rewrite the very fabric of reality to alter anyone's body, provided you have the skill to make the changes via this obtuse command-line interface.
Still, this app can supposedly do anything. It's time to have some fun! First things first though, it's asking you for your name. What do you enter?

AA
You enter your name, the app congratulates you on managing that.
The app is now yours to use freely. Try not to shatter reality for the sake of getting off. 
You can hear the sounds of breakfast cooking downstairs, and the bus to school will arrive soon. You could always just stay home though, spend the day altering your body for the better, change the two women you live with or just begin a life of relaxation. 


Monarch Medicenter cyoa
Setup
This adventure is based off Bitch Medicenter, expect a lot of body modding! This could go anywhere from mostly vanilla sluttification stuff to three-foot prehensile tentacle dicks.

A
You are a junior technician at Bitch Medicenter, the county's highest-quality body modification clinic.
These days body modification is more popular a trend than ever. In charge of the modification machines, you deal with a lot of lewd-natured missions.
Your shift has just begun, and a stack of patient files sit on the desk for you to peruse.
File 1: Kimberly Reeves, 