Hello everyone!

AV v2 is here, play it online here:
https://noodlejacuzzi.github.io/Anomaly%20Vault/Anomaly%20Vault.html

Or download the files:
Most recent game files: https://mega.nz/#!Sr5ikIjK!mtDhSl0qL1ZuAaaXOr8xAgEQGwnugctW3rajdLO3Uus
Most recent image pack: https://mega.nz/#!LjpmACjJ!yANM5Mf-gElrSvSxFn_omIQu1Pjy8xI64kJZ14Iun9Q

If you've already got v1 installed, just download the new game files and an upgrade pack from here:
https://mega.nz/#F!rqhGnIwY!hzTrpPJOzhn3bNWEXNhToA

With this update many more cheat codes have been added. Here are the finished ones:
Lobotomy
SCP
Warehouse13
Fringe
Ethics
Noodlemaster
The first five unlock short joke/easter egg artifacts in the dark vault. The last one unlocks all scenes (although a bug is stopping it from unlocking everything).
There are others too, 'umbrella' and 'silent hill', but they aren't done yet. Please feel free to throw more suggestions my way.
If you'd like to distribute or reference these codes, please link back to this post if possible. This post should be visible to non-patrons.

This update adds two new main-game artifacts: The antique mirror and the time-stopwatch.
In addition to these are three new dark vault artifacts. I've also updated the roadmap on the index. Feel free to check it out to get an idea of the game's future. 
It seems like Bitch Medicenter won the content poll. Thank you all for voting! I'll do my best to deliver on a high quality product, please let me know if there's any character you'd like to get priority.

Here's the changelog for version 2 of Anomaly Vault:

Version 2.0 - Time Stopwatch & Antique Mirror
New Scenes:
- 10 Antique Mirror scenes (split between a free-use and femdom dimension)
- 7 Time stopwatch scenes
- 4 Dark Vault scenes (gummy dicks, punification cage, and succubus onahole)

Bugfixes / other changes:
- The disable images button is now a toggle. It'll refresh the page for you, which is what actually re-enables the images.
- There's now a warning for the final scene in the Erotibox letting you know it might be a bad idea to stick Veronica in there.
- There are now more cheat codes. See the note in my FAQ or below for more info.
- Unrecognized cheats will no longer give a 'code accepted' message.
- The roadmap on my index has been updated with new artifacts. Feel free to check them out and let me know which ones you'd like to see soon.

The primary fetishes that this patch focuses on are:
Femdom
Free Use
Time-stop
ENF / Embarassed Nude Female
Humiliation

And the dark-vault fetishes are:
Urethral Insertion (sounding)
Ball Growth
Sissification
Prostate Growth
Cock Shrinking

Also included in many scenes are the game's usual themes of dominance and unpercieved sex.
Due to the nature of the game, all of the above content is completely optional.